magento/devdocs#: Add examples of hard and soft module dependencies (#5018)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.2/architecture/archi_perspectives/components/modules/mod_depend.md

* Deserializes an object declared in another module.
* Uses or modifies the database tables used by another module.

> Module hard dependency defines in the `require` section of `app/code/<Vendor>/<Module>/composer.json` file. For example, :

Reviewer: Please adjust this part to make it more clear
```suggestion
Module hard dependency is defined in the `require` section of `app/code/<Vendor>/<Module>/composer.json` file. For example, :
```

Reviewer 2: Do not make this passive. Is defined is not an improvement.

> Module hard dependency defines in the `require` section of `app/code/<Vendor>/<Module>/composer.json` file. For example, :

Reviewer 2: Perhaps like this:

```suggestion
The `require` section of `app/code/<Vendor>/<Module>/composer.json` file contains hard dependency definitions for the module. For example, :
```

Author: @hguthrie , thank you!

**implemented**

```json
  ...
  "require": {
        "magento/module-catalog": "103.0.*",
        "magento/module-email": "101.0.*",
        "magento/module-media-storage": "100.3.*",
        "magento/module-store": "101.0.*",
        "magento/module-theme": "101.0.*",
        "magento/module-ui": "101.1.*",
        "magento/module-variable": "100.3.*",
        "magento/module-widget": "101.1.*",
        "magento/module-authorization": "100.3.*"
   },
   ...
```

### Soft dependencies

A module with a *soft dependency* on another module can function properly without the other module, even if it has a dependency on the other module. These modules:

* Directly check another module's availability.
* Extend another module's configuration.
* Extend another module's [layout](https://glossary.magento.com/layout).

> Module hard dependency defines in the `<sequence>` section of `app/code/<Vendor>/<Module>/etc/module.xml` file. For example, :

Reviewer: Please adjust this part to make it more clear
```suggestion
Module soft dependency is defined in the `<sequence>` section of `app/code/<Vendor>/<Module>/etc/module.xml` file. For example, :
```

We are talking about soft dependency here, right? :)

Author: Golden eye, @rogyar 👍 

Many thanks
